 Program 1 Array operations
 Design, Develop and Implement a menu driven Program in C for the following array
 operations.
 a) Creating an array of N Integer Elements
 b) Display of array Elements with Suitable Headings
 c) Inserting an Element (ELEM) at a given valid Position (POS)
 d) Deleting an Element at a given valid Position(POS)
 e) Exit.
 Support the program with functions for each of the above operations

  Program 2 Employee Structure
 Define an EMPLOYEE structure with members Emp_name, Emp-id, Dept-name and Salary.
 Read and display data of N employees. Employees may belong to different departments.
 Write a function to find the total salary of employees of a specified department. Use the
 concept of pointer to structure and allocate the memory dynamically to EMPLOYEE
 instances.

 Program 3 Stack Implementation
 STACK of Integers (Array Implementation of Stack with maximum size MAX)
 a) Push an Element onto Stack.
 b) Pop an Element from Stack.
 c) Demonstrate how Stack can be used to check Palindrome.
 d) Demonstrate Overflow and Underflow situations on Stack
 e) Display the status of Stack
 f) Exit
 Support the program with appropriate functions for each of the above operations

  Program 4 Infix to Postfix Conversion
 Write a C program to convert and print a given valid parenthesized infix arithmetic
 expression to postfix expression. The expression consists of single character operands
 and binary operators +- * /. Apply the concept of stack data structure to solve this
 problem

 Program 5 Evaluation of Postfix Expression
 Write a C program to evaluate a valid postfix expression using stack. Assume that the
 postfix expression is read as a single line consisting of non-negative single digit operands
 and binary operators. The operators are +- * and /

  Program 6 Recursion applications
 Write recursive functions for the following and demonstrate their use.
 a) Binary Search
 b) Tower of Hanoi problem

 Program 7 Call holding in call centre
 ACall center phone system has to hold the phone calls from customers and provide
 service based on the arrival time of the calls. Write a C program to simulate this system
 using appropriate data structure. Program should have options to add and remove the
 phone calls in appropriate order for their service

  Program 8 Circular Queue using Structure
 Write a C program to simulate the working of a Circular Queue of integers. Represent a
 circular queue element as a structure and use an array of structures as your
 implementation method. Start and end of the circular queue must be identified by an empty
 array element.

 Program 9 Linked list for sorted names
 Write a program to create a singly linked list that maintains a list of names in alphabetical order.
 Implement the following operations on the list.
 a. Insert a new name
 b. Delete a specified name

 Program 10 Stack using Linked List
 Write a C program to maintain a stack of integers using a linked list implementation
 method

 Program 11 Doubly Linked List implementation
 Write a C program to support the following operations on a doubly linked list.
 a) Insert a new node to the left of the node whose key value is read as an input.
 b) Delete a node with given data, if it is found otherwise display appropriate error message

 Program 12 Binary Search Tree implementation
 Write a C program
 a) To construct a binary search tree of integers.
 b) To traverse the tree using inorder, preorder and postorder traversal
 methods